README.md, before:

# Heart's Datacamp Repository

❤💛💚💙🅰✅♻🔅💯
Heart's Datacamp code and notes, completed

## Machine Learning Scientist with Python Path

- Cluster Analysis in Python
- Dimensionality Reduction in Python
- Extreme Gradient Boosting with XGBoost
- Linear Classifiers in Python
- Machine Learning with Tree-Based Models in Python
- Preprocessing for Machine Learning in Python
- Supervised Learning with scikit-learn
- Unsupervised Learning in Python
- Machine Learning for Time Series Data in Python
- Feature Engineering for Machine Learning in Python
- Model Validation in Python
- Introduction to Natural Language Processing in Python
- Feature Engineering for NLP in Python
- Introduction to TensorFlow in Python
- Introduction to Deep Learning in Python
- Introduction to Deep Learning with Keras
- Advanced Deep Learning with Keras
- Image Processing in Python
- Image Processing with Keras in Python
- Hyperparameter Tuning in Python
- Introduction to PySpark
- Machine Learning with PySpark
- Winning a Kaggle Competition in Python

## Data Engineering with Python

- Data Engineering for Everyone

Commit message:

Introduction to Data Visualization with Matplotlib

README.md, after:

# Heart's Datacamp Repository

❤💛💚💙🅰✅♻🔅💯
Heart's Datacamp code and notes, completed

## Machine Learning Scientist with Python Path

- Cluster Analysis in Python
- Dimensionality Reduction in Python
- Extreme Gradient Boosting with XGBoost
- Linear Classifiers in Python
- Machine Learning with Tree-Based Models in Python
- Preprocessing for Machine Learning in Python
- Supervised Learning with scikit-learn
- Unsupervised Learning in Python
- Machine Learning for Time Series Data in Python
- Feature Engineering for Machine Learning in Python
- Model Validation in Python
- Introduction to Natural Language Processing in Python
- Feature Engineering for NLP in Python
- Introduction to TensorFlow in Python
- Introduction to Deep Learning in Python
- Introduction to Deep Learning with Keras
- Advanced Deep Learning with Keras
- Image Processing in Python
- Image Processing with Keras in Python
- Hyperparameter Tuning in Python
- Introduction to PySpark
- Machine Learning with PySpark
- Winning a Kaggle Competition in Python

## Data Engineering with Python Path

- Data Engineering for Everyone
- Introduction to Scala

## Data Scientist with Python Path

- Introduction to Data Visualization with Matplotlib
